content/im-new.md, before:

+++
date = "2016-02-11T14:45:49-06:00"
title = "I'm New"
+++

# I'm New

Resurrection Lutheran Church is a vibrant, welcoming congregation in Chicago's Lakeview neighborhood. We are a unique, progressive community of young adults, families and older adults who are LGBTQ-friendly. Our mission is to invite, include, involve and inspire people in Christ.

We profess faith in Jesus Christ, who died on the cross to save us from our sins. As Lutherans, we trust that it is by God's grace we have been saved through faith—not by anything we do.

Each Sunday we gather to worship our resurrected Lord. Worship is traditional yet warm and relaxed and includes organ and choral music, hymns and Holy Communion. Children are welcome in worship, at Sunday School and in our [preschool](/preschool).

Resurrection is a part of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, a Christian denomination with some 3.7 million members in 9,300 congregations across the U.S. and in the Caribbean region. As members of the ELCA, we believe that we are freed in Christ to serve and love our neighbor. 

At Resurrection, you'll find opportunities to study the word [link to Bible studies section] and [serve our local and global neighbors](/in-the-community).

Join us for worship! For service times, [check out out the worship page](/worship).

Have questions about Resurrection? [Contact our pastor](mailto:kfaulstich@rlclakeview.com).

Commit message:

add worship time with shortcode to i'm new page

content/im-new.md, after:

+++
date = "2016-02-11T14:45:49-06:00"
title = "I'm New"
+++

# I'm New

Resurrection Lutheran Church is a vibrant, welcoming congregation in Chicago's Lakeview neighborhood. We are a unique, progressive community of young adults, families and older adults who are LGBTQ-friendly. Our mission is to invite, include, involve and inspire people in Christ.

We profess faith in Jesus Christ, who died on the cross to save us from our sins. As Lutherans, we trust that it is by God's grace we have been saved through faith—not by anything we do.

Each Sunday we gather to worship our resurrected Lord. Worship is traditional yet warm and relaxed and includes organ and choral music, hymns and Holy Communion. Children are welcome in worship, at Sunday School and in our [preschool](/preschool).

Resurrection is a part of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America, a Christian denomination with some 3.7 million members in 9,300 congregations across the U.S. and in the Caribbean region. As members of the ELCA, we believe that we are freed in Christ to serve and love our neighbor. 

At Resurrection, you'll find opportunities to study the word [link to Bible studies section] and [serve our local and global neighbors](/in-the-community).

Join us for worship! We will worship this Sunday at {{< worship_times >}}.

Have questions about Resurrection? [Contact our pastor](mailto:kfaulstich@rlclakeview.com).
