+++
date = "2016-02-11T16:32:15-06:00"
pastor = "Pastor Kelly K. Faulstich"
text = "John 15:9-17"
title = "Sunday, May 10, 2015"
+++

I have called you friends, Jesus says to his disciples.
Love one another, bear fruit, abide in my love. He commands them.

We had some of this same section from John's gospel before us last Sunday.
Jesus gathered with his disciples on the night of that Last Supper.
Jesus tells them to abide in him.
Abide in my love, we hear this morning.

He had knelt down to wash their feet, he had shared a meal with them, and after Judas had fled, Jesus began to speak.

He told them not to worry, that they all had a place in the many rooms, the many abiding places of his Father's house.
He told them that he would not leave them orphaned and promised to send the Advocate, the Holy Spirit.

And then he told them that he loved them and he called them his friends.

Who are your friends?
Who are the people you eat lunch with at school? at work? at home?
Who are the people you call or text when you need someone to listen to you?
Someone to challenge you? Someone to make you laugh?

How did you choose your friends?
Was it because you sat by them in class or cubicle or played on the same team or took the same dance class?
Was it through an introduction or daily work? The places you eat or shop?

Since the late nineties, social media has presented a variety of paths toward virtual friendship.
Friendster (that one exposes my age a little), Myspace, Facebook. To some extent Twitter and Instagram, Snapchat, and ooVoo.

All of these platforms aim to connect us with people we might know today or people with whom we may have gone to elementary school or college or met at a professional conference.

The term friend on such sites doesn't always denote someone who knows your darkest secrets and greatest failures and loves you anyway. The term friend in these such forums points to someone that we know, regardless of the depth of relationship.

Not that social media is all bad, I don't mean to infer that at all. In fact, some sites and some use of sites really allow people to care for one another quite deeply. I think of Caring Bridge where people can post updates on their struggle with illness, only having to tell their story as many times as they'd like, and others can all read it in that one place and offer encouragement and support. Or Take Them a Meal, a site that helps people organizes food deliveries as friends grieve or go through difficult times.

Much like our very use of language, the tools available to us depend on how we use them, how we live out our friendships on and offline.

If I recall my high school French correctly, I was always intrigued by the different terms they had for friend, or our English equivalent of this concept.

There was the camarade, the classmate, the acquaintance.

The copain, the person you knew a little better than simply sharing space. And the ami, the friend, the person who you knew and who knew you deeply.

The kind of person who knows about your life and your loves, your fears and your joys.

This last one, the ami, is the kind of friend Jesus calls the disciples in this morning's gospel.

This is the kind of friend Jesus calls us.

In the language Jesus was using, in the language John is using to report Jesus' words, this word for friend means having a sense of belonging to.

When Jesus says, “You are my friends,” he is saying you belong to me and I belong to you. We are bound together in space and in time and in love.

“No longer servants,” Jesus tells them, because Jesus overturns old ways of hierarchy to call them, to call us, friends.

If we think about the disciples that were there with Jesus that night, breaking bread and washing feet, we might remember the kind of people these friends were.

There was Peter who would deny Jesus, Peter who didn't want his feet washed at first. Peter who sunk in the water when he thought he, like Jesus, could walk upon it.

There was Judas, the one who betrayed Jesus, who stayed long enough to have his feet washed and, according to some of the gospel writers was there for the meal too.

There were a tax collector, a political fanatic, and some fishermen, James and John whose mother argued on their behalf to establish their place should Jesus come to power in the earthy institutions of that time.

And still, Jesus called them friends. He chose them. He told them they belonged and that he loved them and that they should do the same.

Hearing Jesus' words on this Sunday morning in May, we can think of who our friends are, and we might ponder where broken relationships exist in our own lives and world.

It doesn't take too long, watching a newscast or reading the paper that we hear and see the reports of destruction and dislike in the world. Places where our brothers and sisters fail to see their common humanity, fail to feel what their neighbor's are feeling, fail to reach out in love and friendship.

And in our own lives, there are ways we participate and contribute to destruction and dislike, exclusion and apathy.

We are broken people.
We might not betray or deny or fight for power, but we, like those disciples who sat at table with Jesus, we are captive to sin by our very nature. And still, still Jesus calls us friends.

Jesus calls us into community.
Jesus entrusts to us the loving of one another.

Through Jesus' life, death, and resurrection, we see that destruction and dislike, denial and discord, and even death don't get the last word.

God's love and presence and life will always conquer brokenness.
God's love and presence and life will always overcome sin.
God's love and presence and life will always call us together in love, to love.

So, here we are, Resurrection friends and visitors this morning, starting our friendship together, grounded in this loving, living, giving God.

Here we are, starting a week together, but also hopefully starting a long ministry together here on this corner, in this little pocket of God's great creation.

One my friends, in the Facebook-Twitter-we-went-to-get-ice-cream-once kind of way, is a pastor out in Denver who has gotten a fair amount of press in the Lutheran world. Nadia Bolz-Weber is her name and in a book she wrote a year or two ago, she talks about how in her congregation's new members class, they name how they hope to have many good moments together and how they recognize that as church, as church that is made up of humans in all their great and awful complexity, they will probably have some disappointing times along the way too.

I look forward to all that lies ahead for us together as friends in Christ, as pastor and people, as sisters and brothers called to love. I look forward to the moments of forgiveness asking and forgiveness-granting that we'll experience together too. And I look forward to experiencing brand new things and to your old favorites here as well.

God, through the Spirit has brought us together to share the good news of the life-giving, us-choosing, friend-calling Jesus.

God has called us together on this corner of Seminary and School, feeds us at this table, washes us clean yet again, and sends us out into the world to serve.

To the glory of God. Amen.
